docs: PEM-10477: Known Issue Version Split (4.8) (#10124)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/troubleshooting/vmo-issues.md

## Scenario - VMO Loading Errors in Self-Hosted Palette

On [self-hosted Palette](../enterprise-version/enterprise-version.md) and [Palette VerteX](../vertex/vertex.md)
installations, the cluster's **Virtual Machines** tab or the VMO Graphical UI (GUI) may fail to load. This issue applies
to all installation methods but does not apply to self-hosted environments that use an IP address instead of a domain
name.

The root cause is a `Content-Security-Policy` header with `frame-ancestors` set to `https://*.spectrocloud.com`, which
blocks the VMO GUI from loading when your Palette instance uses a different domain name. This header is present in both

> Traefik Middleware resources and Nginx Ingress annotations, depending on the version of Palette you are running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
blocks the VMO GUI from loading when your Palette instance uses a different domain name. This header can be present in Traefik Middleware resources or Nginx Ingress annotations, depending on the version of Palette you are running.
```
